Design Document Template
September 4th 2024

OBJECTIVE
A brief description of the overall goal of this feature request, summed up in one to two sentences.

Only display songs not currently present in the playlist in the search results.


BACKGROUND 
A more thorough explanation of why this feature is important to implement and all of the essential functionality of the feature. 
This section could contain research findings, user stories, examples of similar features, or anything else that explains why 
this feature has been prioritized and why the technical design laid out below implements the pieces of functionality that it does.

important as it simlifies UI. findings suggest this allows for beter accessability, prioritized as its simple to do. 


TECHNICAL DESIGN
This section should lay out all of the information needed to implement this feature. In the context of React, this could include 
new components and their functionality, existing component updates, how to address edge cases, and any other information an engineer 
would need before implementing this feature. 
For front-end changes, this section will often include design mocks or wireframes to specify how the design of the application needs to be updated.

when a playlist is added to the playlist, it is removed from search result, search result will have to be brought out to root compononet to allow access to both playlist and search result. 


CAVEATS
This section is used to lay out alternative solutions and their respective drawbacks, as well as potential drawbacks to the proposed solution above. 
This is used to make it clear why the technical implementation detailed previously was chosen instead of alternatives. 
It additionally allows stakeholders or other developers to consider those drawbacks and choose one of the alternate solutions if they prefer it. 
This may occur if they feel the benefits or drawbacks of that solution are more desirable than the current solution, or 
if they can identify other benefits and drawbacks not currently listed.

handle the filter via child component = longer running time and messier code. 
my proposed solution is better as it allows for simple code and ease of implementation. 

